A person with its hand raised, gets down on to its knees.
A person slowly walked by making the circle.
The person looks as if they are strumming a guitar.
A person moves their elbows back and forth, moves forward, picks an object up off the ground, walks right, and reaches their right arm out.
A person walks around and then crouches down with their arms forward.
A person who sits down on their knees.
A person jumps while spreading legs apart and swinging arms out and above the head, then back down again.
A person lifts object with two hands and throws with left hand.
A person who sits down on their knees.
A half blue & red body stands in the center as he then runs right, turns then runs left. He runs right once more & stops back where he started in the middle.
A person raises his right arm and then waves at someone.
A man rope skipping and then removes the footwear and then rope skips again.
From a standing position, a man spreads his legs widely.
A person walks up four steps while holding onto the railing with their left hand.
A person walks forward then turns to their right and carries on walking, then stops.
A person walks forward then turns to their left and carries on walking, then stops.
A person is walking and stumbles.
Someone appears to be stretching; they turn their upper body in a counterclockwise direction and then lean their upper body from side to side.
A man takes several steps backward.
A person does a drinking motion with his right arm.
A person is scrubbing a window.
A person picks up a heavy object and moves it left.
A person moves left, then raises the right arm, then raises the left arm, then raises both arms forward, then raises the left arm.
A person walks forward with their arms at their sides while slightly going left.
A person looks like they're holding a microphone and talking into it.
A man paces back and forth.
A person is doing a huge stretch to the left.
A standing person seems to be shoved from behind, then regains their balance after a quick stumble.
A person lifts something up and to the side to look under it and puts the item back down.
A person slowly walked forward, and after made a circle with the left hand.
A person swings arms up and down at the joints while bouncing around, as if dancing.
A person picks up something with his left hand and walks forward.
A person walks in a counterclockwise circle.
A person makes a toast, then raises a glass to take a drink and wipes his lips with a napkin.
A person walks forward cautiously with their hand against a surface.
A person turns around from front to rear and whilst holding his hand and arm at stomach level then turns around again and goes to the original position.
A person walks diagonally from upper right to lower left across the path.
A man is picking an object up from the left side and then places it to his right side.
Standing on one leg and hopping.
Running forward, taking a right turn then running to the left.
A person walks forward while being assisted by handrails.
User takes a couple of steps forward, then proceeds to turn around pivoting on the left foot.
Slowly swinging the arms forward as the body walks slowly.
The person puts his hands on his knees.
A person walks forward 4 steps.
A person moves an object from a position on his right to a position to his left.
A man brings his hands down to his thighs, standing with his knees bent, before extending his arms to either side and then bringing them back down to his thighs.
A person walks straight forward with head bent forward.
A person leans forward with their right hand as if to pick something up, walks to the left, turns right, and leans to pick something up again, then moves right arm as if to wipe something.
A man backs up, leading with his left foot.
A person starts to jump while grabbing something.
A man turns right hand inward and outward, then reaches to the left with both hands, brings both back to the center, and then the left hand flips back and forth to rest in the center.
A person moves into a fighting stance.
A person jumping over a puddle.
A person aggressively grabbing something before drinking it.
A person doing a limping walk, taking proper steps with the left foot and limping with the right.
A person moves forward and extends the left leg and kicks something to the front.
A person walks forward at a right angle, slightly turns left, kneels, relaxes, and then slightly wiggles ankles.
A person is adjusting something on their head.
The person is walking in a counterclockwise circle.
A person crosses their arms, then has their arms angrily at their sides.
A man raises his left hand, and then brings his hands together and starts rowing by pulling his hands back. He then brings his hands down in a wavy pattern.
A person is walking around the room.
A person gets up and bends on the knee.
A person appears to be hitting a ball with their left hand.
A person is jogging around.
A man picks up an object and places it on the right side with his right hand on top of the object.
A person walks to pick something up then walks back to wipe something with it.
The person fills the glass with water, then pours it into the plant pot.
A person turns left while walking then stops.
A person raises both hands in front of them then throws them down in disapproval.
A person is walking backwards at medium pace.
A man walks in a clockwise direction.
A stick man does fighting movements, kicks in the air, punches the air, and stops.
The person is walking backwards and then forwards.
The person was laying down and then they got up.
Someone gets up from the floor, seems to be talking on the phone, and starts to walk.
A person doing jumping jacks and then running on the spot.
A man limps to the left side of the room, then runs back to the right side.
A person bounces up and down on the balls of their feet.
A figure walks forward in a sort of strut fashion, lightly zagging to the right then to the front.
A person walks forward, turns, and walks back.
A person raises their right arm and then bends to touch the floor in front of them, they repeat this motion twice.
A person is walking like they are on a beam, arms out.
A person stretches both arms up and then puts arms down.
A person puts their hands over their face.
A person walks forward up stairs.
A man stretches his arms to his sides, and then lifts his left arm up and holds it there.
A person holds their hands together in front of themselves.
A person is dancing with expressive arm movement and then jumps forward.
A person throwing an object (a ball) in a pitching stance using the right arm.
A person facing forward takes a large step to their left, they turn their body to the right while kneeling down and crawl across the floor to the edge of the mat and face forward.
A person goes from a standing position to a bended knee while gesturing.
A person slowly walks in a circle pattern as though they are ballroom dancing.
A person points forward with their right hand.
A person lifts their arm up twice doing a bicep curl.
A man holds his fingers close together. He brings his right up to his head, as though taking a phone call, then brings his fingers back together and fiddles with them, bobbing his head.
A person enacting a mime with an invisible barrier in front of them touching with both hands.
Swaying back-and-forth with their arms out.
A person leans down and crawls to his right.